F.A.Q. for SBWorkshop.


1. Q. Do I have to unsolder EEPROM chip when I want to reset it or I can leave it on board and connect the wires?
   A. Yes. It is not necessary to unsolder the chip but in some cases you need to unsolder write protection pin of the chip.
      For example pin 7 on 24C02 EEPROM. However some PSBs require complet unsoldering the chip.

2. Q. How can I read the battery data?
   A. You need to connect SCL, SDA and GND pins of adapter to SCL, SDA and GND pins of the battery whith any suitable wires. 
      Then press "Read" button. Cells must be connected and battery must be initialized if you just assemble it
      (in some cases). To initialize the battery you need just to apply power to "+" and "-" battery terminals from any
      DC power source (about 9V).

3. Q. Where are the SCL, SDA and GND pins on my battery?
   A. Different batteries have different terminal pinouts so the only way is to try different combinations.
      Connect GND pin of adapter to GND terminal of your battery then try different combinations of connecting SCL
      and SDA pins. SCL and SDA pins are always next to each other. It will take no more then 5 minutes. 
      You need just not to connect battery "+" terminal to adapter. All other combinations are safe. 
      But you have to remember that not all the batteries are SMBus batteries.

4. Q. "I have no Visa or Master Card" or "I live in <some country>" how can I pay for the program?
   A. All the payments are made via Share-It Payment Processing System (Germany) so all the questions should be
      addressed them. Click "Customers Care Center" link on our site or write them a letter with your question.
      http://shareit.com 

5. Q. What is chipset?
   A. Chipset is a combination of microcontroller chip and EEPROM chip. E.g. M37515 and SL220. 

6. Q. Can I use my notebook/desktop internal power source to power up the adapter?
   A. Yes. You can connect USB power wire (red) to +5V terminal of adapter. You need just one wire. No need to connect GND 
      as it's connected via internal PC circuits. 

7. Q. How to buy the software?
   A. Go to http://www.shareit.com/product.html?productid=300006915&stylefrom=300006915&noquickbuy=1&pc=3xp05
      Press "Add to cart" then "Proceed to Checkout".
      During the ordering process you will be promted for your HDD_ID. So you need to save Smart Battery Data Report
      using demo version (no need to connect the adapter just press "Save" button) and find your HDD_ID in its header.
      We recommend you to use Copy/Paste functions instead of typing HDD_ID to avoid mistakes. 